Hi and welcome back.
In this video we're talking about
decorating functions that have parameters.
We saw this in the last video,
and once again let's recap what's happening here.
We've got a function that returns
Password for the admin panel is 1234
and that function does not have any parameters.
We then decorate it with the user has permission decorator
and what happens then is essentially this,
my function, equal, user has permission, my function.
Right, so this function now gets modified
and turned into this secure func function,
which is what the decorator returns, the secure func.
That secure function, though,
gets the name and the doc string of the original function
by virtue of this functools.wraps.
You can see, however,
that when we call the original function, that's func,
that's the original function that we passed in,
the one we wanna replace,
there is nothing inside the brackets,
so there are no parameters in the brackets.
If we instead change my function to be,
something like panel here and we say
that the password for whatever panel we pass in is 1234,
then we need to call the function with an argument.
We could say for example, print my function and movies.
Then it would be my function, movies.
movies would go into panel, and we would print
the password for the movies panel is 1234.
This all makes sense,
but we must remember, though, this function
gets replaced by this secure func.
This secure func
inherits everything from the original function,
but when we call the original function,
it does not have any arguments here.
Okay?
So what we have to do is make sure
that secure func has a parameter,
so that when we call it, here, it can accept the parameter,
it can accept the argument, sorry.
Again, my function is now secure func.
If secure func does not have a parameter,
we cannot call the function with a parameter.
However when we call the original function,
we must also pass in the argument that it needs, like so.
Now we can run this, but of course remember
to change the access level to admin
in order for it to do something,
and we get that the password for the movies panel is 1234.
So as you can see, secure func needs the parameter
so that it can accept the argument
and the original function has to get the argument passed in,
because that function has the parameter that we need
in order to use it within the function, okay?
Now the problem though with this
is that you cannot apply this decorator
to any other function.
Again, if we create a function called another,
that return's Hello, for example,
we cannot apply this decorator to it.
We cannot do that because the decorator
is going to pass in the panel argument,
but the another function is not gonna be able to receive it.
Indeed, if we use this,
you'll see that we just get an error.
And this says, too many things.
If we actually pass in an argument here,
we get a different error which says,
another takes zero positional arguments but one was given.
The error before was because we didn't pass in the parameter
that secure func needs.
So here we get the error that another,
doesn't take any arguments, but you gave it one,
so what are you doing?
So this is not great
because the decorator now works for our function,
but it doesn't work for another function.
We'd like, ideally, to make our decorators more generic,
so that we can use them in any function we want.
And we're gonna be learning that, how to do that,
over the next few videos.
So with that said, I'll see you on the next one.